"automated, ongoing, medical diagnosis"	in 50 years we will find it barbaric that people waited until they had symptoms be be diagnosed with conditions like heart disease and cancer (http://paulgraham.com/ambitious.html)	tmshu1@gmail.com
making auctions interesting	"cracking eBay's monopoly, disrupting the space (http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html)"	tmshu1@gmail.com
"internet ""penis"""	"a site that retrieves the number of followers/friends you have on linkedin, twitter, facebook, etc. and shows your the ""size"" of your internet ""penis"""	tmshu1@gmail.com
a craigslist competitor	"craigslist hordes their data, and is slow to innovate. e.g. they sued padmapper and 3taps for using their data. then created their own map view"	tmshu1@gmail.com
facebook collage	"a facebook collage created from thumbnails of your friends, interests, places, etc."	tmshu1@gmail.com
list books by isbn scanner	"right now, listing on amazon etc. takes many steps/clicks. would be nice to have an app that scans a book's isbn, and then posts the listing. could even work with bulk submission to a book buyback program such as cash4books"	tmshu1@gmail.com
crunchbase visualization	"getting a bird's eye view on the crunchbase database, being able to see size of funding, founding date, industry, etc."	tmshu1@gmail.com
location based polling	"e.g. ask people around you (based on recent check ins, etc) what the best thing to do is when you're some place new. could also be useful for marketers"	tmshu1@gmail.com
non invasive blood glucose checking for diabetics	"there are currently non-invasive procedures being researched (blood occlusion sepctroscopy, eye laser refraction) but they are impractical and/or not yet commercialized. "	tmshu1@gmail.com
all in one credit card	"people have too much plastic: credit cards from different banks, reward credit cards from different retailers, etc. it would be nice to have an app or some device that consolidates all these magnetic stripe based cards"	tmshu1@gmail.com
public transportation heatmaps	"heatmaps or some other visualization that shows you how far everything is from a certain point by public transportation. example use case: after combining with apartment rental prices, could be useful for city commuters to find housing "	tmshu1@gmail.com
"a better designed, simpler website: economic announcements for dummies"	"current websites for economic announcements (e.g. upcoming fed announcements, labor reports, etc.) are ugly, hard to understand, and/or not updated. it would be nice to have a simple, beautifully designed website (e.g. https://ifttt.com/, http://inspirationfeed.com/inspiration/websites-inspiration/60-examples-of-responsive-website-design/) that lists upcomming and recent economic announcements, their effect on the markets, what the announcements mean, etc."	tmshu1@gmail.com
facebook madlibs	"mad libs are always hilarious. include your facebook friends in the mad libs, and it posts the story to your wall and tags them"	tmshu1@gmail.com
"twitter + tumblr, or tumblr + instagram"	"get microposts/quotes from twitter, overlay text on an image from tumblr/instagram. could make for some hilarious combinations (e.g. ghetto hikes posts with images of serene and beautiful landscapes)"	tmshu1@gmail.com
controlling information overflow in an rss reader like google reader	"some algorithm that gives a score to each post based on number of views by other readers, or based on the content of articles you've read in the past (e.g. predicting what articles you'd like more using natural language processing techniques)"	tmshu1@gmail.com
auctions for groupon-like deals	"the issue with groupon: many retailers overwhelmed by the traffic brought by groupon, and can't keep up. use the auction format to gauge demand in the deal. now a retailer has a quantifiable estimate of how many people would buy the deal at what price, and can make a better decision about running the deal or not."	tmshu1@gmail.com
"speed reading chrome extension, bookmarklet, etc."	"I want to be able to speed read online articles using an app like www.spreeder.com, but don't want to select text, copy, open spreeder, and paste every time"	tmshu1@gmail.com
